the cherries is one of my new desserts
I'm very excited about this dish it's a
great textural dish the dish really
starts with a base of vanilla creme
they're really enriched your vanilla
bean cream and then we add a whole lot
of textural ingredients we have some
roasted almonds which are coated in
toffee and then dipped in white
chocolate we have some arm and macaroons
and then we sort of layer on the
cherries the cherries themselves are
actually wild cherries which we preserve
in a little sugar syrup with vanilla
there they're placed on the dish and
then we top the dish with a little bit
more vanilla cream and then there are
oil check for alignment that I came up
with is really like a chocolate crumble
and we use beautiful holiday chocolate
from Italy and we combine that with
raisins walnuts and some praline and
then we sort of make a little crumble
basically and there's lots of beautiful
flavors and textures in that and that's
the dark crumble on the other side it'll
begin gang on the other side there's a
white crumble and that's made with these
little tiny meringues if we actually
pipe out individually and bake off or so
we make a are like a milk biscuit and we
crumble all that milk up and that's the
other side of the e to tone topping and
then we sprinkle the whole lot with this
beautiful little crystals sugar crystals
should we make using maltose which is a
type of sugar and then the dish is then
topped with a little bit more vanilla
cream and this really beautiful coach
Auklet sorbet made with cherry juice so
the whole dish really takes on this
beautiful chocolate cherry combination
of flavors and lots of beautiful
textures it's it's one of my favorite
new desserts and it's very popular here
okay